Where were you? What were you doing when
you realized that the US had lost its
global dominance to China?
>> I was on the train on the metro north
commuting between New York City and New
Haven, Connecticut. One day I came
across this timetable from 1914. I found
that the trains over 100 years ago were
faster than they were in 2023. Now, it's
not totally a um apples to apples
comparison because the trains make uh
many more stops uh today than in the
past, but still something's going really
badly off track when we're not building
trains that are faster than 100 years
ago. What's going on?
This week on Bold Names, Dan Wong. He is
a research fellow at the Hoover
Institution at Stanford University. He's
also the author of a new book. It's
called Breakneck, China's quest to
engineer the future. That's why I
invited him on to talk about the
competition between the US and China.
>> And Mims, you went solo this week
because I was off. But before I went,
you were so excited about getting him on
because of all the stuff in his book,
the stuff you learned, and also some of
the provocative kind of arguments that
he's making. Yeah, Dan Wong is very
opinionated, but he also brings receipts
because he lived in China from 2017 all
the way until 2023 where he was a tech
analyst. Dan also has a surprising way
of framing the key differences between
the US and China. He says China can be
understood as an engineering state. The
US on the other hand is a lawyerly
society. The idea is that in the US we
have a lot of rules and regulations.
They're managed, in Dan's view, mostly
by a class of lawyers. That's good in a
lot of ways, though. Lawyers protect
people's rights. That includes things
like access to a clean environment, also
the rule of law and property
protections. If you don't agree with
something in the US, you have a voice.
You can disscent. But Dan says that
having all these lawyers around also
means a lot of rules and procedures.
Those can slow the US down. like
building things. Think of infrastructure
projects or housing or manufacturing.
Now, contrast that with China. Dan says
that China is run mostly by engineers
and they like to build stuff. Think of
enormous bridges, highways, or in their
case, a manufacturing base that's the
envy of the world. But China, of course,
is a one party system. People don't
often have a say in any of this. They
don't have a lot of rights necessarily
and the state has the power to build
anything it wants. Dan and I talk about
how China's efforts to engineer the
environment have become social
engineering through the country's one
child policy and of course its zerocoid
policy. I think this distinction between
the US and China is important to keep in
mind as you listen to and watch this
interview. Dan here talks us through
some of the very big challenges that
both superpowers are facing now.
>> Yeah. And Dan was in China at a time
that was both interesting politically
and geopolitically. Right. Chinese
leader Xi Jinping was consolidating his
domestic hold on China getting that
third term and also looking outside of
the borders trying to develop even
closer relationships with perceived US
rivals Russia and North Korea.
>> Right. And obviously things have just
gotten more tense between the US and
China since then. Meanwhile, China's
having some economic issues of its own,
slowing growth. There could hardly be a
more timely guest.
>> Oh, absolutely. This is a good one.
>> So, let's take a big step back and you
know, why are we talking about China and
the US at all, right? They're the two uh
biggest economies in the world. They're
the number one and two manufacturers.
and you frame it in a way that that I
think is is very useful. And so could
you lay out for me kind of h what is it
when you really boil it down that the US
is versus what China is when we're just
trying to give people a shorthand.
So the central thesis of breakneck is
that China is a country I call the
engineering state because at various
points the entirety of China's most
senior leadership all nine members of
the standing committee of the poll
bureau and that was
>> and that poll bureau effectively
controls the whole country.
>> That's right. It was the highest ruling
echelon within the communist party. And
so these were people trained as um
thermal engineers or electrical
engineers or mechanical engineers. And
what is it that engineers like to do?
Well, they build, build, build build.
They kind of treat building another mega
project as the solution to all of their
problems. I contrast the engineering
state with the United States, which I
call the lawyerly society. The issue
with lawyers is that they block
absolutely everything. And I sort of
came up with this framework in part to
move away from these 20th century
political science terms like capitalist
or socialist or autocratic or
neoliberal, whatever that means, to try
to reason through the tensions between
the US and China at the moment. It's
kind of my simple shortorthhand for just
thinking about what explains the
pathologies of these two big
superpowers. Yeah, I love that both of
these characterizations fly in the face
of sort of the cartoonish, but for
somebody like me, you know, raised on
like '8s films where it's like the
American hero versus the communist
villain, like the lawyerly society is
not really uh a Rambo like uh figure.
and the engineering state where you
actually have a pretty uh light social
safety net and everything is geared
toward really giant corporations that's
not very conventionally communist and I
just highlight that because I feel like
yours is a truer framing and it really
kind of you know bake my noodle in terms
of thinking differently about how each
of these um countries function. I think
it'll really help our listeners if you
can give a a a concrete example. Let's
start with China. Let's start with the
engineering state. But let's start with
something that's very familiar. Most
people are going to have one sitting in
their pocket. You know, China is where
still most of the components for the
iPhone are made and made on a scale
that's kind of incomprehensible in all
of history. What is it about the
engineering state which has made you
know ironically this iconic American
company Apple possible?
>> Shenzhen is one of these legendary
Chinese cities that substantially
liberalized it built at breakneck speed.
Tim Cook and Steve Jobs decided that
Shenzhen was going to be the site of
most iPhone production was kind of a
natural choice because Foxcon had
already been building a lot of iPods in
Shenzhen at that point. Foxcon being
Apple's number one contract
manufacturer,
>> the biggest contract manufacturer in the
world that is this big Taiwanese company
that uh other electronics makers
contract to organize their workforces to
produce their PCs or game consoles or
iPhones. And after iPhones started
rolling off the assembly lines, Shenzhen
is just now the undisputed hardware
capital of the world. And so Shinjzhen
is now the headquarters of companies
like DJI. It is uh the headquarters of
Tencent, one of China's most innovative
um internet platforms. It is just
building a lot of stuff. And one of the
things I point out in my book is that,
you know, if you're want to figure out
what Detroit was like in its heyday of
production, I wouldn't go to Detroit
today. I would go to Shenzhen to see
historic Detroit. And so Shenzhen is the
site where you had this giant
manufacturing workforce rubbing
shoulders with investors uh being the
site of a lot of universities as well.
And so this is kind of the the magic of
China's u manufacturing ecosystem where
you just had so many ingredients in
place to produce innovative devices at
great scale. And let's talk about the uh
the lawyerly society. You know, this
example is almost it's almost like a
hory old chestnut at this point, but if
people don't know it, we should we
should talk about it. And that is
California's failure to build highspeed
rail and how that contrasts with China's
the fact that China now has more
highspeed rail than every other country
uh on Earth combined.
How does California's inability to build
highspeed rail exemplify the lawyerly
society?
>> I go back to 2008, which was a pretty
important year for highspeed rail in
both the US and China. So in 2008, the
voters in California approved a
referendum to build a highspeed rail
line between San Francisco in the north
and Los Angeles in the south. In 2008,
China began construction of its uh major
uh most profitable highspeed rail line
connecting Beijing and Shanghai. So 3
years later, China actually completed
the Beijing to Shanghai highspeed rail
system. And over the first decade of its
operation, this rail moved about 1.3
billion passenger trips. What has
happened in California since 2008? Well,
here it is in here we are in 2025. uh
they've really reduced their ambitions
such that segment one is supposed to
connect only Bakersfield and Merrced. It
is slated to open this first segment uh
somewhere around 2030 to 2033. That's
the official estimate from uh the
California state government. Maybe we
will have highspeed rail 20 years after
California first approved this big
referendum. But the Chinese were able to
do this in three years and they're just
going to move billions more people,
billions more passenger trips than
whatever California is able to
accomplish. You had this great line in
your book. You said the US manufacturing
base has rusted from top to bottom. And
you know to read that as somebody who
writes so much about manufacturing in
the US, I was just like ouch. What did
you mean? I meant that if you take a
look at America's apex manufacturers
who is still making uh a lot of
products, manufactured products today, I
would point to Intel, the semiconductor
maker. I would point to Boeing, the uh
aviation maker. I would point to the
automotive sector, which consists of
Detroit automakers, plus Tesla. And if
you take a look at these apex
manufacturers,
almost always the headlines including
from the Wall Street Journal are a tale
of woe about these big manufacturers.
Intel has been slipping uh extensively.
Mostly what we hear are its layoffs and
how it is not meeting its quality
production uh targets. Boeing has also
had a lot of safety failures. That's
very well covered. Detroit's has been
falling for decades now. For a while,
Tesla was kind of the bright spot in
American manufacturing, but that's
pretty uncertain now given how erratic
Elon Musk has been over the last couple
of years. If you take a look at just the
broader data of American manufacturing,
manufacturing output uh fell pretty
substantially since 2008. It's never
really recovered. The US has lost about
a million manufacturing workers uh since
about 2008. And if you take a look at
some of these more simple basic
products, the US simply hasn't covered
itself in glory. At the start of the
pandemic, when its manufacturers had a
really hard time shipping products that
were relatively simp like masks and
cotton swabs, we had shortages of all of
these goods at the start of the pandemic
in 2020. And if you take a look at uh
you know some pretty critical military
goods, something like munitions, u
Ukraine has drawn down a lot of American
stocks in its uh defense against uh
Russia, but uh the US hasn't really been
able to get munition shells restarted
either. And so I think that the US has
rusted from top to bottom. Maybe there's
still some successes out there in
something like semiconductor production
equipment. I'm sure we can find um some
bright spots here and there, but for the
most part, the US hasn't been doing all
that well.
Why does this matter? And and when I say
that, China for a long time uh before
its pivot to you know I think in the
book what you call hard tech and and
infrastructure was pursuing this US
model of who cares where things are
made. We'll control the intellectual
property. You know it's manufactured in
Shenzen but it's designed by Apple and
Certino. you know, all all Nvidia
controls all of its IP and has all the
knowhow um and the critical uh software
and designs which are then of course
manufactured by TSMC and others uh TSMC
and Taiwan specifically. Why does it
matter that it's rusted from top to
bottom? Isn't this the goal? Aren't we
trying to dematerialize our uh entire
economy?
>> Maybe it doesn't matter so much. So um
if you take a look at stock valuations,
it is certainly pretty remarkable that
American tech companies hold up so much
of stock market growth. It is pretty
remarkable that there are, you know,
multi-trillion dollar companies uh
namely especially Nvidia out there
making all of the AI chips. But I think
if you are uh sitting almost anywhere
else, again, I'm speaking to you from
Michigan, uh people here aren't
celebrating the stock valuations of
Nvidia. They're saying, uh, my goodness,
the jobs shouldn't have moved south, uh,
into the United States, and the other
sorts of production shouldn't have moved
to China. Uh, the elites certainly have
this sense that, well, maybe it wasn't
very good idea that we are now pretty
dependent on China for something like
rare earth magnets. When Beijing
suspended exports of rare earth magnets,
>> all electric vehicles and weapon
systems,
>> uh, which are pretty important, right? I
think, um, weapon systems are important.
And I think electric vehicles are
important and automakers immediately
panicked when they couldn't get uh
Chinese for earth magnets. I think that
we live in a material world. Um maybe
there are a lot of people who would like
nothing better than to disappear into
the computer and become an algorithm or
something. And that's not the life you
and I live uh Christopher. That's not
the life that most people live. I think
we live in a physical world and we need
to make stuff and that's still pretty
important.
So the knowledge that we've lost to
build and to live in that physical world
that's process knowledge. What is
process knowledge? What is it that we
have lost which goes beyond just the
infrastructure to do all this
manufacturing? So I like to think of
technology as three different things. So
the first thing that technology is is
the tooling, the equipment. This is the
really observable stuff. So in a kitchen
analogy, this is the pots and pans. This
is the stove. This is the spatula that
we need to cook something. The second
component of technology is written
instruction. So these are things like
patents and blueprints. All of the stuff
that we're able to write down like a
recipe as well. And the third I think
the most important part of technology is
something I call process knowledge. You
can also refer to this as knowhow.
There's a Greek word metis to refer to
this. So you can talk about this as
tacet knowledge and I think this is the
most important part of technology
because a lot of things can't be written
down and a lot of things can't be
encoded as equipment. So if we're
sticking with a kitchen analogy, let's
think about giving someone who has never
cooked a day in his life before the most
wonderfully equipped kitchen and the
most exquisitly detailed recipe. Can we
expect that person to do something as
simple as making scrambled eggs? or
maybe he'll make a big mess because he's
never cooked anything before. And so it
is a lot of this process knowledge that
disappeared when American communities of
engineering practice dissipated when a
lot of jobs uh moved away from uh where
they were. And so one of these thought
experiments I always wonder about is
let's say that Tim Cook and Steve Jobs
decided that they weren't going to build
these factories in Shenzhen. Let's just
say for the sake of fantasy that they
built uh all of these iPhone
manufacturing hubs in Wisconsin, Ohio,
Michigan, Pennsylvania. One might well
imagine that in the future it's
Pennsylvania that created all of these
follow-on innovations around the
smartphone. So maybe it could be the
case that all of these battery
technologies could be built in
Pennsylvania. all of the uh screen and
acoustics uh technologies, all of the
consumer crrons could still be in uh the
US, but right now it is Shenzhen that's
making all of these pretty critical
materials.
Let's turn back to China because the
engineering state has its flaws. They're
not just engineering, you know, giant
new uh water transportation
uh infrastructure and highspeed rail and
factories. They're also doing a lot of
social engineering. What are the
excesses of the engineering state?
>> For the most part, I think that the
engineering state is really, really good
once it builds a lot of infrastructure.
You can certainly point to a lot of
unprofitable bridges, unprofitable
highspeed rail lines. Um, but for the
most part, um, I would say that it is
really, really good to be building more
mass transit, more trains, more subways,
more bridges that connect people. And
physical engineering for the most part
is pretty good in spite of a lot of
waste and a lot of profitability. And I
think it would be excellent if the
Chinese stopped themselves at physical
engineering. But the problem, the
fundamental problem with the engineering
state that they cannot restrain
themselves. They cannot restrain
themselves to be social engineers and
they cannot restrain themselves to be
also population engineers as well. We
take a look at modern China. A lot of
the human rights abuses are concentrated
with ethnorreligious minorities and
Kyang as well as Tibet. Even if you're
in the high majority, there has been all
sorts of controls on her life, namely
the hook system, which is called
household registration, which makes it
really difficult for a migrant worker to
move to a city on the coast and have her
child uh be educated in the schools. And
I focus a lot in my book on the one
child policy as well as zero COVID. And
the one child policy as I wrote produced
this sort of campaign of rural terror
that really severely disrupted a lot of
families uh in rural China that really
relied on multiple children as their
only guarantee of livelihood. also lived
through the zerocoid pandemic. And what
zero co led to was uh Shanghai,
>> China's cosmopolitan dynamo, empty and
silent,
>> being locked down for about 8 weeks in
which 25 million people could not step
foot outside of their apartment
compounds
>> at night. The echoes of people crying
out from their windows for help.
And so these are the sort of ways in
which the physical engineers sort of
treat the population as just another
building material as if it could be torn
down and remolded as they wish. And
that's really the sin of the engineering
state. Yeah. And there are ways in which
the engineering state seems to get in
its own way even with respect to its
stated goals of building things and
economic dynamism.
And so uh you know you have a great
example in your book where you said uh
you know at one point she was asking
where all of China's unicorns had gone
tech unicorns right how are these
companies fairing now is the engineering
state kind of learning its lesson that
there are these excesses to how it tries
to control uh the the economy. I think
one of the challenges is that the
engineers can only engineer their way
out of problems, even the ones that are
created by engineering. And so, um,
you're referring to a meeting I wrote
about when Cining was touring the
province of Shandong. And at this
economic symposium, he started asking,
"Oh, what happened to all of our
unicorns?" and some snarky people on the
internet uh whose comments were quickly
censored called uh C the unicorn hunter
chief uh who didn't even really realize
what he was doing. I think it's not
unfair to say that she is not some sort
of great economic thinker. This is not
where his friends lie and he's sort of
strangled and hunted down most of
China's most wondrous beasts uh for
creating a lot of economic value that
investors were getting really excited
about. I don't think that China is
really um creating an excellent startup
environment right now. They are doing
some supportive policies on artificial
intelligence. They're trying to help
DeepSeek along. But I also am really
reminded that the one child policy
started as an engineering exercise which
the um country decided that well we can
just stop uh people from reproducing
because it judged I think incorrectly
that China had an exploding population.
Uh but now how are they trying to get uh
people to really have children again?
Well, they're really deploying the tools
of the engineering state once more.
They're deploying party members. Uh many
of these are people with too much time
on their hands to harass women, younger
uh families, uh asking women, "When was
your last period? Well, why don't you
have another child?" And so, they're
kind of hounding and harassing a woman
to say, "Why don't you go have some
children?" And I don't think this is
going to work. It is a lot more easy to
block uh people from having children by
sterilizing them or forcing abortions
upon them uh than it is to uh encourage
population. are the excesses of the
engineering state in China, does that
provide an opening for America to regain
its footing uh in terms of the battle
over you know who is building the future
with tech at the very least or in any
other areas? I think one thing that is
similar between the US and China are
that they are both delivering all of
these self-humiliations on a daily basis
that are beating themselves up as
quickly as they can. And I think the
game is going to go to the country that
just manages to stop beating itself up
all the time.
>> So the least bad policym
>> that's right. Uh so you know stop
spanking yourself I think would be great
uh policy. I think that Cin Ping has
been this remarkable unicorn hunter. I'm
not sure that Donald Trump is uh being a
great unicorn breeder right now. If
we're thinking about all of these
manufacturing problems that we've noted
uh earlier in the conversation, I'm not
really sure that the Trump
administration is delivering anything of
a manufacturing renaissance. I think the
tariffs are on net pretty bad for
American manufacturing. If we take a
look at manufacturing employment since
um April, since liberation day, we'll
see that the US has lost about 40,000
jobs since liberation day in
manufacturing alone. And so that isn't
promising any sort of a great
renaissance. I struggle to think that
the US can stay a scientific leader by
depriving the scientific agencies of a
lot of funding. So I think the estimates
out there are that National Science
Foundation and the NIH uh have about
half of their funding uh cut by the
Trump administration. I think there is
something real to the Trump deregulatory
agenda. I think that might uh well be
quite positive. But I think on that the
Trump administration is producing many
more headwinds uh than tailwinds for
achieving some sort of a technological
renaissance in the US.
>> So what can the US do better? How can
the US be more of an engineering state
uh without becoming a social engineering
state?
>> I want to start with the simple stuff.
So, there are so many of these headlines
that San Francisco wasn't able to build
a public toilet uh very well. It cost
something like $1.3 million to build.
>> 1.7 million was the estimate.
>> This is video of it arriving at Noi
Valley's town square. It's a
pre-fabricated unit with a project cost
of about $1.7 million. The
>> It came in well below that only because
a construction firm volunteered its
services.
>> Volunteered, you know, this is uh this
is strange. We don't we don't need the
volunteering. We just need these
contractors to do a good job, right? So,
I just want us to get the simple stuff
right. Denmark. I just spent a month in
Denmark, which has these superb subway
stations. They're totally spotless.
their subways are uh completely
automated. There's no driver uh that is
actually driving these subway trains.
Let's just get to Denmark. Let's just
get to Denmark levels of construction
costs. I am in favor of having a more
robust state that
does the things that states are supposed
to do, which means guaranteeing public
order in big cities, which means
building housing for people to move,
which means building mass transit uh so
that people are able to have reasonable
commutes and get to their jobs. And so I
in my final uh chapter called learning
to love engineers I bring out the
example of this very reviled urban
planner named Robert Moses who is
famously the subject of Robert Ker's
magnificent monumental work the power
broker Robert Moses and the fall of New
York and this was a time when Robert
Moses made these horrible mistakes that
displaced far too many people that
arrogated the interpretation of the
public interest to himself but was also
a urban planner that built a lot of
needed infrastructure. Um things like
the Lincoln Center, uh things like uh
the Flushings Metals Park, you know, to
have these sort of um wonderful
infrastructure that many people are
still using today in terms of highways,
uh bridges, the opera, all of these
things are pretty positive. And I want
us to get back into a muscular
government that is able to do the things
that it says it wants to do rather than
sort of this puny government that isn't
really able to do almost anything at all
because it just heavily restrains itself
by being plotting and proceduralist and
too lawyerly about doing everything.
You're definitely the first person I've
heard ever say we need more Robert Moses
in the world. Importantly, of course,
the other part of that story is Jean
Jacobs, who prevented Robert Moses from
turning uh, you know, uh, the East
Village in New York City into uh, a
giant uh, highway uh, interchange, which
would have, I mean, I think objectively
been really terrible. It sounds like you
feel like we lionized in the US the Jane
Jacobses at the expense of
what the Robert Moses were capable of. I
think we've gotten the balance quite
badly wrong. I think Jane Jacobs was
absolutely right to stop Robert Moses at
the time that she stepped in to say,
"Yeah, let's not turn Washington Square
Park into yet another highway." Which
had been Moses's plan. I think there has
been a good corrective to Robert Moses's
excesses, but I think we also need to
rehabilitate a little bit uh the works
of these engineers that did build a lot
of ne necessary infrastructure because
what we lack right now is a lot of
infrastructure. We lack the housing. We
lack the mass transit. And this is to
say nothing of the big infrastructure
push that is going to be required to
decarbonize our economy, you know, by
transitioning our economy to more solar,
more wind, more transmission lines.
These are all pretty landensive sources
of production that needs to be connected
by the lines. And so we need to figure
out how to build a lot more today. What
I really want to say is that I think the
US should learn to be a little bit more
engineering. Let's say 10% more
engineering. such that it is able to
build subways and bus stations not at
absurd costs. And I think it would be
really wonderful for China to be much
more lawyerly. Let's say uh 20% more
lawyerly so that the Chinese are able to
feel like they have some sort of rights
that are being protected, that they're
not going to be censored, that they have
the space in their own lives to pursue
things that they want to do. Obviously
now you have China and the US both
getting in their own way, but what
should I what should everybody listening
to this pay attention to in both
countries to know who might be pulling
ahead or who might have the upper hand
in the various you know contests over
power that are playing out between the
two.
So the major US strength is the
artificial intelligence sector. As you
point out, I'm at Hoover. I spent a lot
of time in Silicon Valley surrounded by
a bunch of nerds who are trying to build
God in a box. And that is a lot of fun
to see what they're trying to come up
with. So that is uh where the US still
has I think a pretty credible lead as of
this moment, artificial intelligence.
and the US has this tremendous weakness
in manufacturing and I'm quite worried
that the US and the West will just lack
the industrial base in order to produce
critical goods. Now, what was really
striking to me was that President Trump
backed down really quickly from his
tariffs in the wake of Liberation Day.
All it took was for Beijing to suspend
the export of rare earth magnets, for
automakers to panic, and for Trump to
give a trade truce to Beijing. And
what's really surprising to me actually
is that rare earth magnets is not
China's only tool. Uh China has a lot of
other tools in which it really dominates
the supply. And so I would point out
something like a lot of active
pharmaceutical ingredients especially
antibiotics and ibuprofen. Imagine if we
don't have any more ibuprofen or
antibiotics tomorrow. I don't like it
when any country is so dependent on an
adversarial relationship in order to
supply uh critical goods. And to put a
fine point on it, the reason
any country should be worried about
being dependent on an adversary is that
if there is a genuine conflict between
the two of them, that puts the US in a
really difficult place. Similarly, the
US has in the past put China in a really
difficult place when they've blocked the
export of certain goods.
>> Yes, that's right. And even if it's
anything short of a major confilration
in the Pacific, you could imagine that
one day that well, he says, "We don't
like this Dan Wong character. He's been
criticizing uh China excessively."
>> Yeah. Your your blog is blocked and uh
the in the PRC, we should say.
>> That's right. Uh I'm not sure if I have
always been in persona
grata in uh China. Um but you know maybe
they can still threaten uh people and
places and particular policies short of
a really obvious big conflict. And so I
think what the US should do is to take
this future a little bit more seriously
as the Chinese have to say well if we
actually want some degree of sovereignty
how are we going to actually achieve it?
Dan Wong, thank you so much for speaking
with me. Thanks, Christopher. This was a
lot of fun.
We reached out to the California
highspeed rail authority. A spokesperson
said that while the Central Valley line
is a critical part of the statewide
phase 1 highspeed rail system from San
Francisco to Los Angeles, last month's
report to the state legislature quote
provides a clear path forward to connect
the highspeed rail system to Northern
and Southern California via the Central
Valley by 2039.
He also said that China's highspeed rail
quote benefits from state control, low
land acquisition cost, and high
population density, whereas
California's, has had time and cost
increases due to factors such as
environmental, local needs and
legislative complexity. We also reached
out to Tesla, which did not respond to a
request for comment. We reached out to
the Chinese embassy in Washington DC. A
spokesperson disagreed with Dan Wong's
characterization of China's treatment of
people in Shing Jang and Tibet. The
spokesperson also said that the Chinese
economy has a quote solid foundation for
stable development and ample momentum to
forge ahead. We also reached out to the
White House. A spokesman said that
President Trump's policies have yielded
quote trillions in historic investment
commitments in American manufacturing.
He also said that the administration is
quote cementing America's dominance end
quote in cuttingedge technologies.
Peace.
[Music]